hey guys what is going on my name is
physics and welcome back to another GTA
5 video in this video I'm going to show
you how you can get the sky lift in GTA
5 and it's a lot of fun and it's really
easy to do what you want to do is open
up your menu go to the online feature
and click on creator beta you're going
to need this beta to be able to bring
the sky lift into the game okay so it's
going to give you a little prompt screen
and when it does you want to click on
create a Deadman def match you click on
deathmatch after that and you're going
to get another little animation here
once this is done what you want to do is
look for a location that is actually
really spacious if there isn't anything
surrounding the area like buildings or
other little obstacles I mean you don't
really want to do it in the city because
there's so many buildings around there
so somewhere out in like the beach
section would probably be the best
option to do the beach is probably the
best because you also need a body of
water a lake or an ocean and the beach
has a lot of flat land and it also has
the the ocean right next to it I decided
to go over here towards the little rocky
area where there's like a nice little
lake and there's actually even the main
road which is going to be important for
when I put my sky lift and that's going
to be really an easy spot to put it in
so after you find the place you want to
go you can select a trigger location and
you want to put the location anywhere it
doesn't matter where you put it as long
as you can't put it if you see here you
go when they move it around the red
means you can't and white means you can
so put the trigger location wherever you
can after that you want to go down and
you want to start up the start points so
you have to satisfy the actual the
actual requirements in order to test the
the mid-level tedium that you're doing
so I believe it takes about 8 of the
start points to begin a test mode for
for each side t1 and t2 after you have
done that go down to where the vehicles
are located
and this is where the body of water
comes into play you want to go down to
the category switch it to boats and then
you want to pick the marquee now this is
where you're going to need the body of
water since here you can see here that
the body of water I picked when it's red
I can't use it and when it's white I can
place it so what you're going to do is
you're going to place the marquee in the
ocean by clicking a and then once you do
that you click a once again to pick it
back up and it will switch to the actual
sky lift so now you got to find a place
where you can use the sky lift will
actually work as you can see here was
only a little bit of places where it
will work once you've found the place
that you can actually fit it in click a
and place this the sky lift right in
that little section there what you want
to do now is you want to satisfy the
rest of the requirements to actually
start and test which pretty much all you
have to do is just play spawn points I
believe it takes about thirty to spawn
points in order to start the test and
you can put these anywhere it doesn't
matter where you put them I recommend
you don't put them that close to the sky
lift because then everybody is going to
be surrounding the area and it's going
to make it a little bit difficult to get
into it you can turn on invincibility
mode but still they can always
rocket-launcher your your sky lifting
and you're pretty much screwed after
you've satisfied all the requirements
you can now click test and when you
click test you will see that the sky
lift is actually located in the map that
you're going to be testing what I did
like I said was I held down on my on my
D pad and I actually turned on my
invincibility so I wouldn't be able to
be shot ran right past these guys and
you can actually now hop into the sky
lift just like a regular vehicle you hit
the white button and you get inside
really fun in case of a lot of you guys
haven't used the sky lift this is how
you guys can actually use it it's
actually just like the regular
helicopter but it kind of reminds me of
a little grasshopper but that's pretty
much the easiest way to do it right now
guys I hope you guys enjoyed this video
for those of you who haven't been able
to use a sky lift this is a really cool
and easy way to do it I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and if you guys did
please the like button for me get this
video up to 100 likes and if you're new
feel free to subscribe for more GTA 5
content
my name is physics
you guys in my next video peace
you